♪ ♪
♪ YOU'VE GOT A HOLD ON ME,
DON'T EVEN KNOW YOUR POWER ♪
♪ I STAND A HUNDRED FEET BUT
I FALL WHEN I'M AROUND YA ♪
♪ SHOW ME AN OPEN DOOR AND
YOU GO AND SLAM IT ON ME ♪
♪ I CAN'T TAKE
ANYMORE, I'M SAYING ♪
♪ BABY, PLEASE HAVE
MERCY ON ME ♪
♪ TAKE IT EASY ON
MY HEART ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH YOU DON'T
MEAN TO HURT ME, ♪
♪ YOU KEEP TEARING
ME APART ♪
♪ WON'T YOU PLEASE HAVE
MERCY, MERCY ON MY HEART ♪
♪ I DRIVE THROUGH THE NIGHT
JUST TO BE NEAR YOU, BABY ♪
♪ HEART OPEN, TESTIFY, TELL
ME THAT I'M NOT CRAZY ♪
♪ I'M NOT ASKING FOR A LOT,
JUST THAT YOU'RE HONEST WITH ME♪
♪ AND MY PRIDE
IS ALL I GOT ♪
♪ I'M SAYING, BABY,
PLEASE HAVE MERCY ON ME ♪
♪ TAKE IT EASY ON
MY HEART ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH YOU DON'T
MEAN TO HURT ME, ♪
♪ YOU KEEP TEARING
ME APART ♪
♪ WON'T YOU PLEASE
HAVE MERCY ON ME, ♪
♪ I'M A PUPPET ON
YOUR STRING ♪
♪ AND EVEN THOUGH YOU
GOT GOOD INTENTIONS, ♪
♪ I NEED YOU TO
SET ME FREE ♪
♪ WON'T YOU PLEASE HAVE
MERCY, MERCY ON MY HEART ♪
♪ CONSUMING ALL THE
AIR INSIDE MY LUNGS ♪
♪ RIPPING ALL THE SKIN
FROM OFF MY BONES ♪
♪ I'M PREPARED TO
SACRIFICE MY LIFE ♪
♪ I WOULD GLADLY
DO IT TWICE ♪
♪ CONSUMING ALL THE
AIR INSIDE MY LUNGS ♪
♪ RIPPING ALL THE SKIN
FROM OFF MY BONES ♪
♪ I'M PREPARED TO
SACRIFICE MY LIFE ♪
♪ I WOULD GLADLY
DO IT TWICE ♪
♪ OH, PLEASE HAVE
MERCY ON ME ♪
♪ TAKE IT EASY
ON MY HEART ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH YOU DON'T
MEAN TO HURT ME, ♪
♪ YOU KEEP TEARING
ME APART ♪
♪ WON'T YOU PLEASE
HAVE MERCY ON ME, ♪
♪ I'M A PUPPET ON
YOUR STRING ♪
♪ AND EVEN THOUGH YOU
GOT GOOD INTENTIONS, ♪
♪ I NEED YOU TO
SET ME FREE ♪
♪ I'M BEGGING YOU FOR MERCY,
MERCY (ON MY HEART) ♪
♪ I'M BEGGING YOU,
BEGGING YOU PLEASE BABY ♪
♪ MERCY, MERCY
(ON MY HEART) ♪
♪ OH I'M BEGGING YOU,
I'M BEGGING YOU, YEAH ♪
♪♪♪